Command	Description
!	Preceding a command with the exclamation point will cause the command to execute on the local system instead of the remote system.
?	Request assistance or information about the FTP commands. This command does not require a connection to a remote system.
ascii	Set the file transfer mode to ASCII (Note: this is the default mode for most FTP programs).
bell	Turns bell mode on / off. This command does not require a connection to a remote system.
binary	Set the file transfer mode to binary (Note: the binary mode transfers all eight bits per byte and must be used to transfer non-ASCII files).
bye	Exit the FTP environment (same as quit). This command does not require a connection to a remote system.
cd	Change directory on the remote system.
close	Terminate a session with another system.
debug	Sets debugging on/off. This command does not require a connection to a remote system.
delete	Delete (remove) a file in the current remote directory (same as rm in UNIX).
dir	Lists the contents of the remote directory. The asterisk (*) and the question mark (?) may be used as wild cards.
get	RemoteName LocalName
help	Request a list of all available FTP commands. This command does not require a connection to a remote system.
lcd	Change directory on your local system (same as CD in UNIX).
ls	List the names of the files in the current remote directory.
mget	Copy multiple files from the remote system to the local system.
Note: You will be prompted for a "y/n" response before copying each file.
mkdir	Make a new directory within the current remote directory.
mput	Copy multiple files from the local system to the remote system. (Note: You will be prompted for a "y/n" response before copying each file).
open	Open a connection with another system.
put	Copy a file from the local system to the remote system.
pwd	Find out the pathname of the current directory on the remote system.
quit	Exit the FTP environment (same as "bye"). This command does not require a connection to a remote system.
rmdir	Remove (delete) a directory in the current remote directory.
trace	Toggles packet tracing. This command does not require a connection to a remote system.

